Rocket’s STATEMENT

As someone who has worked as a primary force in both Engine Crews (as a Captain) and the Rotorcraft Division (as a Pilot in 46th), I don’t think AMB is in a good situation. With a horrid cocktail of bad management, rude and non-functional upper command, lack of middle command (or rather, lack of middle command that can do stuff), and a lack of being able to just do things, I agree with Tyler in that AMB should at the very least undergo major changes.

Not only this, but in the roleplay aspect, pilots are not able to perform realistic operations. As an example, they are unable to perform realistic radio operations due to a failing voice system that not only gets users banned from Roblox, but breaks constantly. This is despite the fact that the upper command knows about this, and still forces users to use this system, even though they know about better solutions (such as Zello), and don’t use it - seemingly only due to the upper command’s dislike of these systems. Suggestions to use different systems (such as SimpleRadioStandalone) seem to be ignored or swept under the rug, despite the fact that using Roblox VC prevents a large amount of AMB personnel from becoming Deployment Certified - and upper command knows this, and will not change it!

In addition to this, AMB Upper Command has been rude and unbecoming of themselves consistently. There have been reports of this, and it will reportedly be dealt with - but nonetheless, it’s still something to consider.

In addition to this, there has seemingly been a refusal on giving guides for how to interact with AMB. This is, frankly, absolutely absurd, and itself is the full reason for completely changing who’s in charge of the roleplay aspect of AMB.

Overall: I genuinely dislike AMB. It was not fun, primarily due to upper command. Interacting with them in events is made extraordinarily difficult, both from the FMB and AMB perspective. This is primarily due to upper management. As such, I endorse and fully recommend what actions TylerRazz106 has suggested in this document. Please note that I do not have anything against AMB in and of itself; it is simply a leadership issue combined with a variety of other issues.